thank God I don't understand if this is
like a vegan this statement being idle
or if it's just like a random and
intentionally trying to go viral kind of
thing you're 16 you're a high school
dropout and you start doing the music
[ __ ] I'm a cow to you today it's a
political message meaning here is more
than just about you know me in oh that's
the point of the titties I brought
nothing to this video because I don't
even know what I just saw I got a
cheeseburger in vegan ah I don't hate
vegans I just don't give a that you're
vegan stop oh my thighs stop shoving it
down my throat I don't know I feel that
way I like animals but I also eat them
oh I'm conflicted I'm with her on that I
do eat cows I hate vegans I don't give a
[ __ ] that you're vegan stop shoving it
down my [ __ ] throat I don't care
great what you're doing thank you for
helping the cows and the stuff and the
amps and the [ __ ] fruit flies and
[ __ ] that's great do that and I'm really
happy for you
keep doing it because I like animals but
I also eat them um so I'm kind of
conflicted considering like I don't know
people love cheeseburgers you know
that's one of the biggest businesses is
the beef industry you know
industry whatever I couldn't find any
cute like gifts for like cows and like
burgers and I was looking for like cute
little dancing cheeseburgers I could
only find like one I couldn't find
anything only thing I could find a big
cow that I thought was worth it is
really like that we've cows and yeah the
week regs I didn't know the story at
first watch it I'm like do they really
go out to a farm and put a big thang all
they did that I mean that blue one it's
hard because it was like that the wind
was blowing so out of the week stay on
the cow you must have had the lace front
this is the most hypocritical thing I've
ever done in my life
let's just admit it I'm going up to a
cow I want to pet him with beef
tenderloin in my knapsack I can still
love you I'm sorry I want to pet you
want to pet this cow do cows bite
Hey hey buddy
oh my god anybody oh my god all that is
so gold I've never touched a cow before
guys I feel like such [ __ ] on this diet
like it's not like I'm not an animal
lover it's such hypocrisy I know that I
feel it it sucks
and hopefully we won't have to be doing
this too much longer
[Music]